hey what's going on guys DJ's here I
wanted to show you guys a Nike haul
video I'm not going to spend too much
time on each individual sneaker I will
do be doing a individual reviews on
these so I'm just going to show you guys
what I ended up picking up and hopefully
you guys enjoy this video if you do give
it a thumbs up some roshe runs and it's
actually kind of a different one they're
roshe run em it says on the box I
believe it stands for mesh so actually
I'll just as I pull them out i'll just
leave a pit one of them out how about
that and then also where she runs and
these are just the regular black ones
again i finally got another pair of
these so excited to show you guys or
have another pair though is actually
also i got just a bunch of water bottles
these things are actually really nice
wife really likes these water bottles in
particular because when you open them
there's no straws in them and so that's
like a really nice feature and you just
kind of push this button or something in
the thing pops back I don't know she
really likes the water ball so I got
three of them I just kind of how I do
things a little extreme sometimes but
hey love it or hate it that's way way I
am a little penny posits the Jade's
colorway really like what they did with
these shoes I know I still don't
understand this looks likes a little bit
of tissue on the back what they did with
this release why they did three
different releases in one day it was
kind of crazy but nonetheless I was
still happy to pick up a paradigm
because I'm a huge fan of what they did
with them and I like that color way and
I do want to do a comparison between
those and the shooting stars so expect
that next up we have a pair of KD elites
try to make a room here the best I can
these things are sweet dude I cannot
wait to show you guys a review of these
the gold accents on this shoe is just
awesome with the orange accents as well
it's just a sweet sweet shoe in my
opinion there's it's kind of a bad spot
can't really see all the way maybe like
that something not sure what I'm doing
really here maybe I'll go back over here
and then let's see here got some Kobe's
and one up a half in size on these
actually because I just felt it was
necessary so I got this a size 10 for
myself so this is the infrared or
whatever color way is that actually the
name of it I can't even remember the
name on the box crimson laser crimson I
guess is it says right there laser
crimson so i finally got these ones i
just i really like this color way it
just didn't they didn't have him when i
was around and now they did and I was
like dude this is like one of the better
colorways for the EMS in my opinion at
least so got a pair of those and then
which one I guess we'll do these ones
and then I'll hurry this up gotta hurry
up to get this video out because I got
other things I gotta do today but BAM
got a pair of Everglades and I'm really
glad i was able to get these i was
stressing because i didn't get them yeah
tonight I wanted to wait it out to see I
didn't know if I was going to try to do
a nike ID on him or not but really dope
excited to show you guys a full review
on those ones as well and then the last
one I can get to it here oh it's going
to go timber it's going to go timber
going down with ketchup just kidding i
didn't say that lebron 10 elite excuse
me 11 elites i totally off today but
again i just wanted to show you guys
what we got you can see we got from the
gold pack the leads i'm so excited for
these man this is like the one that I
really wanted to cop out of all of the
sneakers that I copped today I'll just
give you guys kind of a little over view
of them so that's what I got today I'll
do a review video on these those maybe
these ones for sure and then these two
back here as well so expect some
individual review videos and on those
and then I don't think I want to do a
review video on the water bottles I
don't think you guys care about that but
I also want to show you guys a new tour
of the house video that I'll be doing
soon so I just wanted to get this out
there real quick again I go meet up some
friends and I hang out the wife catch
you guys later peace